# 4/10/21
4/10/21 2:00pm - 3:00pm PST

Admin Meeting: Set Up for Meeting 1

# Agenda
- Go over Canvas Assignments

# Attendees
- Derek Hwang
- Michael Shao

# Points of Action
- Github invite
- Clarify the Sprint assignment with Sasya (Sunday due?!)
- Group Social 4/11 7-8pm PST
- Draft Group Contract (Draft done by 4/10) -- ask for recs from other members
- GB Event, Repo, Group Contract -- all in one meeting
- Probably need another meeting to do group page / video -- check times

# TODO
- [Group Contract draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PomVJM8J_mH4Qfo_tDuieTqxHNCHaWQAYhFyBbCYx64/edit?usp=sharing)
- Template for individual page (group page)