# 4/12/21 GH + Branding

Admin Meeting: Set Up for Meeting 2

# Where
CSE 110 Discord

# Started at
7:00 PM PST

# Agenda
- Github Management
  - protect master
  - figure out PR system
- Communications management
  - figure how we communicate work done
- Group preferences/contract/branding checkin
  - contact anyone who hasn't filled out their part
- Set up for tommorow's group meeting
  - Consolidate group ideas to some brainstorming doc
  - Create a place for github guidelines
  - Set up agenda for tommorow's meeting

# Attendees
- Derek Hwang
- Michael Shao

# Points of Action
- Set up system to protect master and set up pull request
  - Michael sets up branch protection rule
- Make cleaner Pings
- Communication b/w Derek and Michael -- external Task list [google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15Oxk0KUmt_rYlBVfTBxi9F2t3tE2Q7p1nmYHtQTzrUQ/edit?usp=sharing)
-  Starting roles (pick people who are already experienced) -- may rotate between sprints
-  Branding discussion (colors / mascots)
- Designers - UI/UX 
- [Brainstorm Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11yqmL_UyLwixRFxJilr2HEbrDTecBtotdZGEZpiyO_M/edit?usp=sharing) --> free for all members  
- updated rules files with contract -- everyone has approved
- Video ideas / editing

# TODO
- assign roles sometime in week 3 (early)

# Ended at
 PM PST